-i'm migrating from react native cli to expo.
-i already create expo app using 
npx create-expo-app@latest --template blank-typescript 
-Things we take into consideration during migrating
.convert code to functional component.
.convert to typescript.
.use the packages latest version.
.use the best practices.
.use expo compatible packages.
.Ensure that the libraries or packages you're using are compatible with Expo(focus on this havily).
.Use the latest version of Expo.
.if the package is not compatible with expo, use the compatible package.
.if the package is outdated, use the latest version.
.if the package is deprecated, use the latest version.
.if the package is not more supported with expo, use the supported package.
.if the package is not supported with expo, use the supported package.
.if the package is not supported with expo, use the alternative supported package.
.please check the packages if they are Expo-compatible,if not use the compatible package or alternative package.
.remove any functionality that is not supported by Expo and use the alternative functionality.
.remove any functionality that relates to api and server.
.remove any functionality that need out factors or external factors to work.
.use dummy data for the components that are using api and server.
.dont use store and redux and redux-toolkit use state management instead.
.i want to migrate the UI/UX only not the functionality(like api,server,store,redux,redux-toolkit,reducers,etc).
.remove saga and any thing related to saga.
.use the expo layout compatible components instead of the react native layout components.
.if the component is not supported by expo, use the alternative component or rewrite the component in the right way compatible with expo.
.i want you to use the same structure and names.
.in the head of our goal, use alternatives for the packages that are not supported by expo.
we should use:
expo-status-bar
expo-haptics
react-native-safe-area-context
react-native-size-matters
@react-navigation/native
react-native-reanimated-carousel